a:25, b:4, ygqshrqyryokyralrshsptsfqshgsulssvqheharluffsoadszlfaouvufoahgahrsotvurqherxslvaazalhswchawvszeswxqgxsugxisufnfqheywqrxqr
a:11, b:13, xbthiatxaxfdxalkahihmohuthibhvkhhctinilakvuuhflghekulfvcvuflibliahfocvatinaqhkcllelkihjziljchenhjqtbqhvbqphvuyutinxjtaqta
a:23, b:13, lfrjoarlalzpladyajojisjwrjofjbyjjkronodaybwwjzdejuywdzbkbwzdofdoajzskbaronacjykddudyojtvodtkjunjtcrfcjbfcxjbwqwronltracra
a:9, b:13, fhdxeadfafjvfazsaxexguxkdxehxrsxxodenezasrkkxjzqxcskzjrorkjzehzeaxjuoradenaixsozzczsexltezloxcnxlidhixrhibxrkmkdenfldaida
a:7, b:23, fpvragvfgfzhfgbsgrarkcrevraprnsrryvatabgsneerzbirqsebznynezbapbagrzcyngvatgursybbqbsarjxabjyrqtrjuvpurnpulrneoevatfjvguvg
a:23, b:9, bvhzeqhbqbpfbqtoqzezyizmhzevzrozzahedetqormmzptuzkomtprarmptevteqzpiarqhedqszoattktoezjletjazkdzjshvszrvsnzrmgmhedbjhqshq
a:5, b:6, aomwtrmaraciarknrwtwhbwjmwtowgnwwlmtetkrngjjwckzwfnjkcglgjcktoktrwcblgrmtervwnlkkfkntwqutkqlwfewqvmovwgovywgjxjmteaqmrvmr
a:21, b:14, myaqtvamvmkemvczvqtqflqdaqtyqgzqqbatitcvzgddqkcnqhzdckgbgdkctyctvqklbgvativrqzbcchcztqwstcwbqhiqwrayrqgyroqgdpdatimwavrav
a:1, b:9, xpfdoefxexhlxevkedodgcdqfdopdbkddaforovekbqqdhvsdwkqvhbabqhvopvoedhcabeforeydkavvwvkodztovzadwrdzyfpydbpyndbqiqforxzfeyfe
a:3, b:21, vbpxsgpvgvhrvgdigxsxyoxkpxsbxfixxwpstsdgifkkxhdcxmikdhfwfkhdsbdsgxhowfgpstgexiwddmdisxnlsdnwxmtxnepbexfbejxfkqkpstvnpgepg
a:17, b:23, zxbhaebzezvjzefmehahykhubhaxhnmhhqbarafemnuuhvfohcmufvnqnuvfaxfaehvkqnebarewhmqffcfmahtlaftqhcrhtwbxwhnxwdhnusubarztbewbe
a:15, b:24, eaiutbiebewyebqrbutupnuhiutaugruuzitotqbrghhuwqvuxrhqwgzghwqtaqtbuwnzgbitoblurzqqxqrtusctqszuxouslialugalmughdhitoesiblib
a:17, b:19, nlpvospnsnjxnstasvovmyvipvolvbavvepofotsabiivjtcvqaitjbebijtoltosvjyebspofskvaettqtaovhzothevqfvhkplkvblkrvbigipofnhpskps
a:5, b:9, pdbligbpgprxpgzcglilwqlyblidlvcllabitizgcvyylrzolucyzrvavyrzidziglrqavgbitgklcazzuzcilfjizfalutlfkbdklvdknlvymybitpfbgkbg
a:5, b:23, hvtdaythyhjphyruydadoidqtdavdnuddstalaryunqqdjrgdmuqrjnsnqjravraydjisnytalycdusrrmruadxbarxsdmldxctvcdnvcfdnqeqtalhxtycty
a:7, b:0, mwcyhncmnmgomniznyhyrjylcyhwyuzyyfchahinzullygipyxzligufulgihwihnygjfunchanbyzfiixizhyqehiqfyxayqbcwbyuwbsyulvlchamqcnbcn
a:7, b:10, scientistsmustoftenexperienceafeelingnotfarremovedfromalarmoncontemplatingthefloodofnewknowledgewhicheachyearbringswithit
a:3, b:14, gmaidragrgscgrotridijzivaidmiqtiihadedortqvvisonixtvosqhqvsodmodriszhqraderpithooxotdiywdoyhixeiypampiqmpuiqvbvadegyarpar
a:17, b:10, mkounromrmiwmrszrunulxuhounkuazuudonensrzahhuisbupzhsiadahisnksnruixdaronerjuzdsspsznugynsgdupeugjokjuakjquahfhonemgorjor
a:1, b:10, woecndewdwgkwdujdcncfbcpecnocajcczenqnudjappcgurcvjpugazapgunoundcgbzadenqdxcjzuuvujncysnuyzcvqcyxeoxcaoxmcaphpenqwyedxed
a:17, b:24, caekdhechcymchiphkdkbnkxekdakqpkktedudihpqxxkyirkfpxiyqtqxyidaidhkyntqheduhzkptiifipdkwodiwtkfukwzeazkqazgkqxvxeducwehzeh
a:15, b:15, pltfemtpmphjpmbcmfefayfstfelfrcffktezebmcrssfhbgficsbhrkrshbelbemfhykrmtezmwfckbbibcefdnebdkfizfdwtlwfrlwxfrsostezpdtmwtm
a:3, b:24, uaowrfoufugqufchfwrwxnwjowrawehwwvorsrcfhejjwgcbwlhjcgevejgcracrfwgnveforsfdwhvcclchrwmkrcmvwlswmdoadweadiwejpjorsumofdof
a:9, b:8, uwsmtpsupuykupohpmtmvjmzsmtwmghmmdstctophgzzmyofmrhzoygdgzyotwotpmyjdgpstcpxmhdoorohtmaitoadmrcmaxswxmgwxqmgzbzstcuaspxsp
a:25, b:14, iqacrbaibiyuibkvbcrczdcpacrqcevccfarorkbveppcykncjvpkyefepykrqkrbcydfebarobhcvfkkjkvrcgmrkgfcjocghaqhceqhscepxparoigabhab
a:19, b:17, jztxoitjijphjinwixoxemxktxozxbwxxqtovoniwbkkxpngxywknpbqbkpnoznoixpmqbitoviuxwqnnynwoxfronfqxyvxfutzuxbzudxbkaktovjftiuti
a:25, b:2, weoqfpowpwmiwpyjpqfqnrqdoqfeqsjqqtofcfypjsddqmybqxjdymstsdmyfeyfpqmrtspofcpvqjtyyxyjfquafyutqxcquvoevqsevgqsdldofcwuopvop
a:15, b:14, wsamltawtwoqwtijtmlmhfmzamlsmyjmmralglitjyzzmoinmpjzioyryzoilsiltmofrytalgtdmjriipijlmkulikrmpgmkdasdmysdemyzvzalgwkatdat
a:21, b:23, tfhxachtctrltcjgcxaxmsxkhxafxngxxihapajcgnkkxrjuxogkjrninkrjafjacxrsinchapcyxgijjojgaxdzajdixopxdyhfyxnfyvxnkwkhaptdhcyhc
a:21, b:1, zlndginzizxrzipmidgdsydqndgldtmddongvgpimtqqdxpadumqpxtotqxpglpgidxyotingviedmoppupmgdjfgpjoduvdjenledtlebdtqcqngvzjnieni
a:5, b:3, lzxhecxlclntlcvychehsmhuxhezhryhhwxepevcyruuhnvkhqyuvnrwrunvezvechnmwrcxepcghywvvqvyehbfevbwhqphbgxzghrzgjhruiuxeplbxcgxc
a:23, b:10, keqinzqkzkyokzcxzinihrivqineiaxiijqnmnczxavviycditxvcyajavycnecnziyrjazqnmzbixjcctcxnisuncsjitmisbqebiaebwiavpvqnmksqzbqz
a:15, b:10, yuconvcyvyqsyvklvonojhobconuoalootcninkvlabboqkporlbkqatabqknuknvoqhtavcnivfoltkkrklnomwnkmtoriomfcufoaufgoabxbcniymcvfcv
a:17, b:12, squatxusxsocsxyfxatardanuatqagfaajutktyxfgnnaoyhavfnyogjgnoytqytxaodjgxutkxpafjyyvyftametymjavkampuqpagqpwagnlnutksmuxpux
a:15, b:4, oksedlsologiolabledezxersedkeqbeejsdydalbqrregafehbragqjqrgadkadlegxjqlsdylvebjaahabdecmdacjehyecvskveqkvweqrnrsdyocslvsl
a:1, b:19, nfvteuvnunxbnulautetwstgvteftrattqveheluarggtxlitmaglxrqrgxlefleutxsqruvehuotaqllmlaetpjelpqtmhtpovfotrfodtrgygvehnpvuovu
a:25, b:5, zhrtisrzszplzsbmstitqutgrtihtvmttwrifibsmvggtpbetamgbpvwvgpbihbistpuwvsrifsytmwbbabmitxdibxwtaftxyrhytvhyjtvgogrifzxrsyrs
a:21, b:4, kwyortyktkicktaxtorodjobyorwoexoozyrgratxebboialofxbaiezebiarwartoijzetyrgtpoxzaafaxrouqrauzofgoupywpoewpmoebnbyrgkuytpyt
a:11, b:22, imestleiliqoilwvlstsxzsfestmsgvssnetytwlvgffsqwrspvfwqgngfqwtmwtlsqzngletylbsvnwwpwvtsuktwunspysubembsgmbasgfjfetyiuelbel
a:19, b:12, mcwarlwmlmskmlqzlarahpanwarcaezaatwryrqlzennasqjabznqsetensqrcqrlasptelwrylxaztqqbqzraiurqitabyaixwcxaecxgaendnwrymiwlxwl
a:3, b:7, rxltoclrcrdnrczectotuktgltoxtbettslopozcebggtdzytiegzdbsbgdzoxzoctdksbclopcateszzizeotjhozjstiptjalxatbxaftbgmgloprjlcalc
a:19, b:6, aqkofzkazagyazenzofovdobkofqosnoohkfmfeznsbbogexopnbegshsbgefqefzogdhszkfmzlonheepenfowifewhopmowlkqlosqluosbrbkfmawkzlkz
a:1, b:4, cukitjkcjcmqcjapjitilhivkituigpiifktwtajpgvvimaxibpvamgfgvmatuatjimhfgjktwjdipfaabaptieytaefibwiedkudigudsigvnvktwcekjdkj
a:1, b:12, umcalbcubueiubshbaladzancalmayhaaxclolsbhynnaespathnseyxyneslmslbaezxybclobvahxsstshlawqlswxatoawvcmvaymvkaynfnclouwcbvcb
a:17, b:25, fdhngkhfkfbpfklskngneqnahngdntsnnwhgxglkstaanblunisalbtwtablgdlgknbqwtkhgxkcnswllilsgnzrglzwnixnzchdcntdcjntayahgxfzhkchk
a:11, b:5, txpdewptwtbztwhgwdedikdqpdexdrgddypejehwgrqqdbhcdagqhbryrqbhexhewdbkyrwpejwmdgyhhahgedfvehfydajdfmpxmdrxmldrquqpejtfpwmpw
a:21, b:19, nzbruwbnwnlfnwdawrurgmrebruzrharrcbujudwaheerldoriaedlhchelduzduwrlmchwbujwsracddidaurxtudxcrijrxsbzsrhzsprheqebujnxbwsbw
a:3, b:12, yesavjsyjykuyjgljavabransaveailaazsvwvgjlinnakgfaplngkizinkgvegvjakrzijsvwjhalzggpglvaqovgqzapwaqhsehaiehmaintnsvwyqsjhsj
a:11, b:12, qumabtmqtqywqtedtabafhanmabuaodaavmbgbetdonnayezaxdneyovonyebuebtayhvotmbgtjadveexedbacsbecvaxgacjmujaoujiaonrnmbgqcmtjmt
a:9, b:10, oqmgnjmojoseojibjgngpdgtmgnqgabggxmnwnijbattgsizglbtisaxatsinqinjgsdxajmnwjrgbxiilibngucniuxglwgurmqrgaqrkgatvtmnwoumjrmj
a:11, b:18, gkcqrjcgjgomgjutjqrqvxqdcqrkqetqqlcrwrujteddqoupqntduoeledourkurjqoxlejcrwjzqtluunutrqsiruslqnwqszckzqekzyqedhdcrwgscjzcj
a:25, b:3, xfprgqpxqxnjxqzkqrgrosreprgfrtkrrupgdgzqkteernzcrykezntutenzgfzgqrnsutqpgdqwrkuzzyzkgrvbgzvurydrvwpfwrtfwhrtemepgdxvpqwpq
a:1, b:17, phxvgwxpwpzdpwncwvgvyuvixvghvtcvvsxgjgnwctiivznkvocinztstiznghngwvzustwxgjwqvcsnnoncgvrlgnrsvojvrqxhqvthqfvtiaixgjprxwqxw
a:5, b:18, iwuebzuizikqizsvzebepjeruebweoveetubmbszvorrekshenvrskotorksbwsbzekjtozubmzdevtssnsvbeycbsytenmeyduwdeowdgeorfrubmiyuzduz
a:15, b:0, qmugfnuqnqikqncdngfgbzgtugfmgsdgglufafcndsttgichgjdtcislsticfmcfngizlsnufanxgdlccjcdfgeofcelgjagexumxgsmxygstptufaqeunxun
a:23, b:15, dxjbgsjdsdrhdsvqsbgbakbojbgxbtqbbcjgfgvsqtoobrvwbmqovrtctorvgxvgsbrkctsjgfsubqcvvmvqgblngvlcbmfblujxubtxupbtoiojgfdljsujs
a:7, b:16, gqwsbhwghgaighcthsbsldsfwsbqsotsszwbubchtoffsacjsrtfcaozofacbqcbhsadzohwbuhvstzccrctbskybckzsruskvwqvsoqvmsofpfwbugkwhvwh
a:25, b:18, muegvfemfmcymfozfgvgdhgtegvugizggjevsvofzittgcorgnztocijitcovuovfgchjifevsflgzjoonozvgkqvokjgnsgkleulgiulwgitbtevsmkeflef
a:25, b:10, emwynxwexeuqexgrxynyvzylwynmyaryybwnkngxrallyugjyfrlguabalugnmgnxyuzbaxwnkxdyrbggfgrnycingcbyfkycdwmdyamdoyaltlwnkecwxdwx
a:9, b:25, vxtnuqtvqvzlvqpiqnunwknatnuxnhinnetudupqihaanzpgnsiapzhehazpuxpuqnzkehqtudqynieppspiunbjupbensdnbytxynhxyrnhacatudvbtqytq
a:9, b:23, bdztawzbwbfrbwvowtatcqtgztadtnottkzajavwonggtfvmtyogvfnkngfvadvawtfqknwzajwetokvvyvoathpavhktyjthezdetndextngigzajbhzwezw
a:15, b:17, bxfrqyfbybtvbynoyrqrmkrefrqxrdorrwfqlqnyodeertnsruoentdwdetnqxnqyrtkwdyfqlyirownnunoqrpzqnpwrulrpifxirdxijrdeaefqlbpfyify
a:21, b:8, qceuxzeqzqoiqzgdzuxujpuheuxcukduufexmxgzdkhhuogruldhgokfkhogxcgxzuopfkzexmzvudfgglgdxuawxgafulmuavecvukcvsukhthexmqaezvez
a:3, b:1, tznvqentetfptebgevqvwmvinvqzvdgvvunqrqbegdiivfbavkgibfdudifbqzbqevfmudenqrecvgubbkbgqvljqbluvkrvlcnzcvdzchvdioinqrtlnecne
a:11, b:1, rvnbcunrurzxrufeubcbgibonbcvbpebbwnchcfuepoobzfabyeofzpwpozfcvfcubziwpunchukbewffyfecbdtcfdwbyhbdknvkbpvkjbposonchrdnuknu
a:19, b:1, dtnricndcdjbdchqcrirygrenritrvqrrknipihcqveerjharsqehjvkvejhithicrjgkvcnipcorqkhhshqirzlihzkrsprzontorvtoxrveuenipdznconc
a:11, b:7, hldrskdhkhpnhkvukrsrwyredrslrfurrmdsxsvkufeerpvqrouevpfmfepvslvskrpymfkdsxkarumvvovusrtjsvtmroxrtadlarflazrfeiedsxhtdkadk
a:1, b:6, asigrhiahakoahynhgrgjfgtigrsgenggdiruryhnettgkyvgzntykedetkyrsyrhgkfdehiruhbgndyyzynrgcwrycdgzugcbisbgesbqgetltiruacihbih
a:5, b:7, ftrbywrfwfhnfwpswbybmgborbytblsbbqryjypwsloobhpebksophlqlohpytpywbhgqlwryjwabsqppkpsybvzypvqbkjbvartabltadblocoryjfvrwarw
a:7, b:25, blrnwcrbcbvdbcxocnwngynarnwlnjonnurwpwxcojaanvxenmoaxvjujavxwlxwcnvyujcrwpcqnouxxmxownftwxfunmpnfqrlqnjlqhnjakarwpbfrcqrc
a:23, b:4, icoglxoixiwmixavxglgfpgtoglcgyvggholklaxvyttgwabgrvtawyhytwalcalxgwphyxolkxzgvhaaravlgqslaqhgrkgqzoczgyczugytntolkiqoxzox
a:7, b:5, pzfbkqfpqpjrpqlcqbkbumbofbkzbxcbbifkdklqcxoobjlsbacoljxixojlkzlkqbjmixqfkdqebcillalckbthkltibadbtefzebxzevbxoyofkdptfqefq
a:25, b:7, bjtvkutbubrnbudouvkvswvitvkjvxovvytkhkduoxiivrdgvcoidrxyxirdkjdkuvrwyxutkhuavoyddcdokvzfkdzyvchvzatjavxjalvxiqitkhbztuatu
a:25, b:25, tblncmltmtjftmvgmncnkonalncbnpgnnqlczcvmgpaanjvynugavjpqpajvcbvcmnjoqpmlczmsngqvvuvgcnrxcvrqnuznrslbsnpbsdnpaialcztrlmslm
a:9, b:14, ceaubxacxcgscxwpxubudruhaubeuopuulabkbwxpohhugwnuzphwgolohgwbewbxugrloxabkxfuplwwzwpbuiqbwiluzkuifaefuoefyuohjhabkciaxfax
a:9, b:12, ikgahdgidimyidcvdahajxangahkauvaarghqhcdvunnamctafvncmurunmchkchdamxrudghqdlavrccfcvhaowhcorafqaolgklaukleaunpnghqiogdlgd
a:15, b:6, aweqpxeaxasuaxmnxqpqljqdeqpwqcnqqvepkpmxncddqsmrqtndmscvcdsmpwmpxqsjvcxepkxhqnvmmtmnpqoypmovqtkqohewhqcwhiqcdzdepkaoexhex
a:23, b:19, nhtlqctncnbrncfaclqlkulytlqhldallmtqpqfcadyylbfglwayfbdmdybfqhfqclbumdctqpcelamffwfaqlvxqfvmlwplvetheldhezldysytqpnvtcetc
a:7, b:20, yioktzoyzysayzulzktkdvkxoktikglkkrotmtuzlgxxksubkjlxusgrgxsutiutzksvrgzotmznklruujultkcqtucrkjmkcnoinkginekgxhxotmycoznoz
a:17, b:20, qosyrvsqvqmaqvwdvyrypbylsyroyedyyhsrirwvdellymwfytdlwmehelmwrowrvymbhevsrivnydhwwtwdrykcrwkhytiyknsonyeonuyeljlsriqksvnsv
a:1, b:20, meusdtumtmwamtkztsdsvrsfusdesqzsspudgdktzqffswkhslzfkwqpqfwkdekdtswrpqtudgtnszpkklkzdsoidkopslgsonuensqencsqfxfudgmoutnut
a:21, b:24, oacsvxcoxomgoxebxsvshnsfcsvasibssdcvkvexbiffsmepsjbfemidifmevaevxsmndixcvkxtsbdeejebvsyuveydsjksytcatsiatqsifrfcvkoycxtcx
a:17, b:8, geiohliglgcqglmtlohofrobioheoutooxihyhmltubbocmvojtbmcuxubcmhemhlocrxulihyldotxmmjmthoashmaxojyoadiedouedkoubzbihygaildil
a:15, b:25, xtbnmubxuxprxujkunmnignabnmtnzknnsbmhmjukzaanpjonqkajpzszapjmtjmunpgszubmhuenksjjqjkmnlvmjlsnqhnlebtenztefnzawabmhxlbuebu
a:11, b:23, ptlzaslpspxvpsdcszazegzmlzatznczzulafadscnmmzxdyzwcmdxnunmxdatdaszxgunslafsizcuddwdcazbradbuzwfzbiltizntihznmqmlafpblsils
a:3, b:8, iockftcitiueitqvtkfklbkxckfoksvkkjcfgfqtvsxxkuqpkzvxqusjsxuqfoqftkubjstcfgtrkvjqqzqvfkayfqajkzgkarcorksorwksxdxcfgiactrct
a:9, b:18, qsoiploqlqugqlkdlipirfivoipsicdiizopypkldcvviukbindvkuczcvukpskpliufzclopyltidzkknkdpiwepkwzinyiwtosticstmicvxvopyqwoltol
a:25, b:24, sakmblkslsiesluflmbmjnmzkmbamofmmpkbybulfozzmiuxmtfzuiopoziubaublminpolkbylrmfpuutufbmqwbuqpmtymqrkarmoarcmozhzkbysqklrkl
a:25, b:12, goyapzygzgwsgzitzapaxbanyapoactaadypmpiztcnnawilahtniwcdcnwipoipzawbdczypmzfatdiihitpaekpiedahmaefyofacofqacnvnypmgeyzfyz
a:15, b:8, miqcbjqmjmegmjyzjcbcxvcpqcbicozcchqbwbyjzoppceydcfzpyeohopeybiybjcevhojqbwjtczhyyfyzbcakbyahcfwcatqitcoitucoplpqbwmaqjtqj
a:21, b:7, vhjzcejvevtnveliezczouzmjzchzpizzkjcrcleipmmztlwzqimltpkpmtlchlceztukpejcreazikllqliczfbclfkzqrzfajhazphaxzpmymjcrvfjeaje
a:21, b:11, bnpfikpbkbztbkrokfifuafspfinfvoffqpixirkovssfzrcfwosrzvqvszrinrikfzaqvkpixkgfoqrrwroiflhirlqfwxflgpngfvngdfvsespixblpkgpk
a:25, b:11, fnxzoyxfyfvrfyhsyzozwazmxzonzbszzcxolohysbmmzvhkzgsmhvbcbmvhonhoyzvacbyxolyezschhghsozdjohdczglzdexnezbnepzbmumxolfdxyexy
a:3, b:11, hnbjesbhshtdhspusjejkajwbjenjrujjibefepsurwwjtpojyuwptrirwtpenpesjtairsbefsqjuippypuejzxepzijyfjzqbnqjrnqvjrwcwbefhzbsqbs
a:25, b:1, vdnpeonvovlhvoxiopepmqpcnpedprippsnebexoirccplxapwicxlrsrclxedxeoplqsroneboupisxxwxieptzextspwbptunduprdufprckcnebvtnouno
a:19, b:0, oeyctnyonoumonsbnctcjrcpyctecgbccvytatsnbgppcuslcdbpsugvgpustestncurvgnytanzcbvssdsbtckwtskvcdackzyezcgezicgpfpytaokynzyn
a:9, b:1, prnhoknpkptfpkjckhohqehunhorhbchhynoxojkcbuuhtjahmcujtbybutjorjokhteybknoxkshcyjjmjcohvdojvyhmxhvsnrshbrslhbuwunoxpvnksnk
a:1, b:5, btjhsijbiblpbizoihshkghujhsthfohhejsvsziofuuhlzwhaouzlfefulzstzsihlgefijsvichoezzazoshdxszdehavhdcjtchftcrhfumujsvbdjicji
a:23, b:23, xrdvamdxmxlbxmpkmvavuevidvarvnkvvwdazapmkniivlpqvgkiplnwnilparpamvlewnmdazmovkwppgpkavfhapfwvgzvfodrovnrojvnicidazxfdmodm
a:19, b:23, vlfjaufvuvbtvuziujajqyjwfjaljnijjcfahazuinwwjbzsjkiwzbncnwbzalzaujbycnufahugjiczzkziajrdazrcjkhjrgflgjnlgpjnwmwfahvrfugfu
a:11, b:24, wasghzswzwecwzkjzghglngtsghagujggbshmhkzjuttgekfgdjtkeubutekhakhzgenbuzshmzpgjbkkdkjhgiyhkibgdmgipsapguapogutxtshmwiszpsz
a:11, b:10, cgymnfycfckicfqpfmnmrtmzymngmapmmhynsnqfpazzmkqlmjpzqkahazkqngqnfmkthafynsfvmphqqjqpnmoenqohmjsmovygvmagvumazdzynscoyfvyf
a:21, b:6, amoehjoajaysajqnjehetzeroehmeuneepohwhqjnurreyqbevnrqyupuryqhmqhjeyzpujohwjfenpqqvqnhekghqkpevwekfomfeumfceurdrohwakojfoj
a:3, b:25, lrfniwflwlxhlwtywninoenafnirnvynnmfijitwyvaanxtsncyatxvmvaxtirtiwnxemvwfijwunymttctyindbitdmncjndufrunvruznvagafijldfwufw
a:11, b:25, dhznogzdgdljdgrqgnonsunaznohnbqnnizotorgqbaanlrmnkqarlbibalrohrognluibgzotgwnqirrkrqonpforpinktnpwzhwnbhwvnbaeazotdpzgwzg
a:19, b:25, zpjneyjzyzfxzydmynenucnajnepnrmnngjeledymraanfdwnomadfrgrafdepdeynfcgryjelyknmgddodmenvhedvgnolnvkjpknrpktnraqajelzvjykjy
a:25, b:16, kscetdckdkawkdmxdetebfercetsegxeehctqtmdxgrreampelxrmaghgramtsmtdeafhgdctqdjexhmmlmxteiotmihelqeijcsjegsjuegrzrctqkicdjcd
a:5, b:5, vjhromhvmvxdvmfimrorcwrehrojrbirrghozofmibeerxfuraiefxbgbexfojfomrxwgbmhozmqrigffafiorlpoflgrazrlqhjqrbjqtrbesehozvlhmqhm
a:15, b:13, dzhtsahdadvxdapqatstomtghtsztfqttyhsnspaqfggtvputwqgpvfyfgvpszpsatvmyfahsnaktqyppwpqstrbsprytwntrkhzktfzkltfgcghsndrhakha
a:23, b:2, qkwotfwqfqeuqfidfotonxobwotkogdoopwtstifdgbboeijozdbiegpgbeitkitfoexpgfwtsfhodpiizidtoyatiypozsoyhwkhogkhcogbvbwtsqywfhwf
a:7, b:3, tdjfoujtutnvtupgufofyqfsjfodfbgffmjohopugbssfnpwfegspnbmbsnpodpoufnqmbujohuifgmppepgofxlopxmfehfxijdifbdizfbscsjohtxjuiju
a:25, b:23, rzjlakjrkrhdrkteklalimlyjlazlnellojaxatkenyylhtwlseythnonyhtaztaklhmonkjaxkqleottstealpvatpolsxlpqjzqlnzqblnygyjaxrpjkqjk
a:15, b:22, sowihpwspskmspefpihidbivwihoiufiinwhchepfuvvikejilfvekunuvkehoehpikbnupwhcpzifneelefhigqhegnilcigzwoziuozaiuvrvwhcsgwpzwp
a:17, b:17, hfjpimjhmhdrhmnumpipgspcjpifpvuppyjizinmuvccpdnwpkucndvyvcdnifnimpdsyvmjizmepuynnknuipbtinbypkzpbejfepvfelpvcacjizhbjmejm
a:21, b:17, xjlbeglxgxvpxgnkgbebqwbolbejbrkbbmletengkroobvnybskonvrmrovnejnegbvwmrgletgcbkmnnsnkebhdenhmbstbhcljcbrjczbroaoletxhlgclg
a:3, b:18, wcqythqwhwiswhejhytyzpylqytcygjyyxqtutehjgllyiedynjleigxglietcethyipxghqtuhfyjxeenejtyomteoxynuyofqcfygcfkyglrlqtuwoqhfqh
a:7, b:1, xhnjsynxyxrzxytkyjsjcujwnjshjfkjjqnslstykfwwjrtajikwtrfqfwrtshtsyjruqfynslymjkqttitksjbpstbqjiljbmnhmjfhmdjfwgwnslxbnymny
a:3, b:23, djxfaoxdodpzdolqofafgwfsxfajfnqffexabaloqnssfplkfuqslpnensplajlaofpwenoxabomfqellulqafvtalvefubfvmxjmfnjmrfnsysxabdvxomxo
a:7, b:2, isyudjyijickijevjudunfuhyudsuqvuubydwdejvqhhucelutvhecqbqhcedsedjucfbqjydwjxuvbeetevdumadembutwumxysxuqsxouqhrhydwimyjxyj
a:9, b:3, jlhbiehjejnzjedwebibkybohbilbvwbbshiridewvoobndubgwodnvsvondildiebnysvehirembwsddgdwibpxidpsbgrbpmhlmbvlmfbvoqohirjphemhe
a:5, b:0, wkispniwnwyewngjnspsdxsfispkscjsshipapgnjcffsygvsbjfgychcfygpkgpnsyxhcnipanrsjhggbgjpsmqpgmhsbasmrikrsckruscftfipawminrin
a:1, b:0, gyomxnogngqugnetnmxmplmzomxymktmmjoxaxentkzzmqebmftzeqkjkzqexyexnmqljknoxanhmtjeefetxmicxeijmfamihoyhmkyhwmkzrzoxagionhon
a:23, b:0, ysewbneynymcynqlnwbwvfwjewbswolwwxebabqnlojjwmqrwhljqmoxojmqbsqbnwmfxonebanpwlxqqhqlbwgibqgxwhawgpespwospkwojdjebaygenpen
a:7, b:11, dntpyetdedxfdezqepypiapctpynplqppwtyryzeqlccpxzgpoqczxlwlcxzynzyepxawletyrespqwzzozqyphvyzhwporphstnsplnsjplcmctyrdhteste
a:25, b:6, aisujtsataqmatcntujurvuhsujiuwnuuxsjgjctnwhhuqcfubnhcqwxwhqcjicjtuqvxwtsjgtzunxccbcnjuyejcyxubguyzsizuwizkuwhphsjgaystzst
a:21, b:5, frtjmotfofdxfovsojmjyejwtjmrjzsjjutmbmvoszwwjdvgjaswvdzuzwdvmrvmojdeuzotmbokjsuvvavsmjplmvpujabjpktrkjzrkhjzwiwtmbfptokto
a:7, b:14, kuawflaklkemklgxlwfwphwjawfuwsxwwdafyfglxsjjwegnwvxjgesdsjegfugflwehdslafylzwxdggvgxfwocfgodwvywozauzwsuzqwsjtjafykoalzal
a:15, b:1, jfnzygnjgjbdjgvwgzyzuszmnzyfzlwzzenytyvgwlmmzbvazcwmvblelmbvyfvygzbselgnytgqzwevvcvwyzxhyvxezctzxqnfqzlfqrzlmimnytjxngqng
a:25, b:17, ltdfuedlelbxlenyefufcgfsdfutfhyffiduruneyhssfbnqfmysnbhihsbnutnuefbgihedurekfyinnmnyufjpunjifmrfjkdtkfhtkvfhsasdurljdekde
a:19, b:16, ukeizteutuasutyhtizipxiveizkimhiibezgzythmvviayrijhvyambmvayzkyztiaxbmtezgtfihbyyjyhziqczyqbijgiqfekfimkfoimvlvezguqetfet
a:9, b:17, tvrlsortotxjtongolsluilyrlsvlfgllcrsbsnogfyylxnelqgynxfcfyxnsvnsolxicforsbowlgcnnqngslzhsnzclqblzwrvwlfvwplfyayrsbtzrowro
a:1, b:21, ldtrcstlslvzlsjysrcruqretrcdrpyrrotcfcjsypeervjgrkyejvpopevjcdjcsrvqopstcfsmryojjkjycrnhcjnorkfrnmtdmrpdmbrpewetcflntsmts
a:5, b:22, cqoyvtoctcekctmptyvyjdyloyvqyipyynovgvmtpillyembyhplmeinilemvqmvtyednitovgtxypnmmhmpvyswvmsnyhgysxoqxyiqxayilzlovgcsotxot
a:23, b:3, ztfxcofzozndzormoxcxwgxkfxctxpmxxyfcbcrompkkxnrsximkrnpypknrctrcoxngypofcboqxmyrrirmcxhjcrhyxibxhqftqxptqlxpkekfcbzhfoqfo
a:19, b:13, brlpgalbabhzbafoapgpwepclpgrptoppilgngfaotccphfypqocfhtitchfgrfgapheitalgnampoiffqfogpxjgfxipqnpxmlrmptrmvptcsclgnbxlamla
a:11, b:14, eiaophaehemkehsrhopotvobaopiocroojapupshrcbbomsnolrbsmcjcbmspisphomvjchapuhxorjsslsrpoqgpsqjoluoqxaixocixwocbfbapueqahxah
a:11, b:0, koguvngknksqknyxnuvuzbuhguvouixuupgvavynxihhusyturxhysipihsyvoyvnusbpingvanduxpyyryxvuwmvywpurauwdgoduiodcuihlhgvakwgndgn
a:9, b:2, mokelhkmhmqcmhgzhelenberkeloeyzeevklulghzyrreqgxejzrgqyvyrqgloglheqbvyhkluhpezvggjgzlesalgsvejuespkopeyopieyrtrklumskhpkh
a:5, b:25, rfdnkidrirtzribeinknysnadnkfnxenncdkvkbiexaantbqnweabtxcxatbkfbkintscxidkvimnecbbwbeknhlkbhcnwvnhmdfmnxfmpnxaoadkvrhdimdi
a:1, b:25, hzpnyophohrvhofuonynqmnapnyznlunnkpybyfoulaanrfcnguafrlklarfyzfyonrmklopyboinukffgfuynjdyfjkngbnjipzinlzixnlasapybhjpoipo
a:23, b:25, pjvnsevpepdtpehcensnmwnavnsjnfcnnovsrshecfaandhinycahdfofadhsjhsendwofevsregncohhyhcsnxzshxonyrnxgvjgnfjgbnfauavsrpxvegve
a:17, b:9, jhlrkoljojftjopworkriurelrkhrxwrralkbkpowxeerfpyrmwepfxaxefpkhpkorfuaxolkbogrwappmpwkrdvkpdarmbrdglhgrxhgnrxecelkbjdloglo
a:3, b:13, pvjrmajpapblpaxcarmrsirejrmvrzcrrqjmnmxaczeerbxwrgcexbzqzebxmvxmarbiqzajmnayrcqxxgxcmrhfmxhqrgnrhyjvyrzvydrzekejmnphjayja
a:7, b:9, hrxtcixhihbjhiduitctmetgxtcrtputtaxcvcdiupggtbdktsugdbpapgbdcrdcitbeapixcviwtuaddsductlzcdlatsvtlwxrwtprwntpgqgxcvhlxiwxi
a:7, b:13, zjpluapzaztbzavmalulewlyplujlhmllspunuvamhyyltvclkmyvthshytvujvualtwshapunaolmsvvkvmuldruvdslknldopjolhjoflhyiypunzdpaopa
a:15, b:12, kgoazhokhkcekhwxhazavtanoazgamxaafozuzwhxmnnacwbadxnwcmfmncwzgwzhactfmhozuhraxfwwdwxzayizwyfaduayrogramgrsamnjnozukyohroh
a:7, b:18, cmsoxdscdcwecdypdoxohzobsoxmokpoovsxqxydpkbbowyfonpbywkvkbwyxmyxdowzvkdsxqdropvyynypxoguxygvonqogrsmrokmriokblbsxqcgsdrsd
a:23, b:17, vpbtykbvkvjzvkniktytsctgbtyptlittubyxynkilggtjnoteignjlulgjnypnyktjculkbyxkmtiunneniytdfyndutextdmbpmtlpmhtlgagbyxvdbkmbk
a:19, b:8, euosjdoedekcedirdsjszhsfosjuswrsslojqjidrwffskibstrfikwlwfkijuijdskhlwdojqdpsrliitirjsamjialstqsapoupswupyswfvfojqeaodpod
a:21, b:12, wikadfkwfwuowfmjfadapvankadiaqjaalkdsdmfjqnnaumxarjnmuqlqnumdimdfauvlqfkdsfbajlmmrmjdagcdmglarsagbkibaqibyaqnznkdswgkfbkf
a:17, b:1, ljntmqnlqlhvlqryqtmtkwtgntmjtzyttcnmdmrqyzggthratoygrhzczghrmjrmqthwczqnmdqitycrrorymtfxmrfctodtfinjitzjiptzgegnmdlfnqinq
a:23, b:12, cwiafricrcqgcruprafazjaniafwaspaabifefurpsnnaquvalpnuqsbsnqufwufraqjbsrifertapbuulupfakmfukbaleaktiwtaswtoasnhnifeckirtir
a:19, b:7, pfzduozpopvnpotcodudksdqzdufdhcddwzubutochqqdvtmdecqtvhwhqvtuftuodvswhozuboadcwttetcudlxutlwdebdlazfadhfajdhqgqzubplzoazo
a:11, b:9, vzrfgyrvyvdbvyjiyfgfkmfsrfgzftiffarglgjyitssfdjefcisjdtatsdjgzjgyfdmatyrglyofiajjcjigfhxgjhafclfhorzoftzonftswsrglvhryory
a:25, b:13, hpzbqazhahxthajuabqbycbozbqpbdubbezqnqjaudoobxjmbiuojxdedoxjqpjqabxcedazqnagbuejjijuqbflqjfebinbfgzpgbdpgrbdowozqnhfzagza
a:7, b:6, akqmvbqabaucabwnbmvmfxmzqmvkminmmtqvovwbnizzmuwdmlnzwuitizuwvkwvbmuxtibqvobpmntwwlwnvmesvwetmlomepqkpmikpgmizjzqvoaeqbpqb
a:19, b:9, tjdhysdtstzrtsxgshyhowhudhyjhlghhadyfyxsgluuhzxqhiguxzlaluzxyjxyshzwalsdyfsehgaxxixgyhpbyxpahifhpedjehljenhlukudyftpdseds
a:3, b:2, kqemhvekvkwgkvsxvmhmndmzemhqmuxmmlehihsvxuzzmwsrmbxzswuluzwshqshvmwdluvehivtmxlssbsxhmcahsclmbimcteqtmuqtymuzfzehikcevtev
a:5, b:15, thfpmkftktvbtkdgkpmpaupcfpmhpzgppefmxmdkgzccpvdspygcdvzezcvdmhdmkpvuezkfmxkopgeddydgmpjnmdjepyxpjofhopzhorpzcqcfmxtjfkofk
a:3, b:9, zftbwktzkzlvzkhmkbwbcsbotbwfbjmbbatwxwhkmjooblhgbqmohljajolhwfhwkblsajktwxkibmahhqhmwbrpwhrabqxbritfibjfinbjouotwxzrtkitk
a:25, b:20, owgixhgohoeaohqbhixifjivgixwikbiilgxuxqhbkvvieqtipbvqeklkveqxwqxhiejlkhgxuhniblqqpqbximsxqmlipuimngwnikwnyikvdvgxuomghngh
a:7, b:12, oyeajpeopoiqopkbpajatlaneajyawbaahejcjkpbwnnaikrazbnkiwhwnikjykjpailhwpejcpdabhkkzkbjasgjkshazcasdeydawyduawnxnejcosepdep
a:21, b:25, jvxnqsxjsjhbjszwsnqncinaxnqvndwnnyxqfqzswdaanhzknewazhdydahzqvzqsnhiydsxqfsonwyzzezwqntpqztynefntoxvondvolndamaxqfjtxsoxs
a:17, b:22, wuyexbywbwsgwbcjbexevheryexuekjeenyxoxcbjkrresclezjrcsknkrscxucxbeshnkbyxobtejncczcjxeqixcqnezoeqtyutekutaekrpryxowqybtyb
a:5, b:21, xljtqojxoxzfxohkotqteytgjtqltdkttijqbqhokdggtzhwtckghzdidgzhqlhqotzyidojqbostkihhchkqtnrqhnitcbtnsjlstdlsvtdgugjqbxnjosjo
a:25, b:0, ucmodnmunukgunwhnodolpobmodcoqhoormdadwnhqbbokwzovhbwkqrqbkwdcwdnokprqnmdantohrwwvwhdosydwsrovaostmctoqcteoqbjbmdausmntmn
a:17, b:7, dbfleifdidzndijqilelcolyfleblrqllufevejiqryylzjslgqyjzruryzjebjeilzourifevialqujjgjqelxpejxulgvlxafbalrbahlrywyfevdxfiafi
a:3, b:20, ekygbpyepeqaepmrpgbghxgtygbkgorggfybcbmprottgqmlgvrtmqofotqmbkmbpgqxfopybcpngrfmmvmrbgwubmwfgvcgwnykngoknsgotztybcewypnyp
a:15, b:5, hdlxwelhehzbhetuexwxsqxklxwdxjuxxclwrwteujkkxztyxauktzjcjkztwdtwexzqcjelwreoxucttatuwxvfwtvcxarxvoldoxjdopxjkgklwrhvleole
a:17, b:0, igkqjnkiniesinovnqjqhtqdkqjgqwvqqzkjajonvwddqeoxqlvdoewzwdeojgojnqetzwnkjanfqvzoolovjqcujoczqlaqcfkgfqwgfmqwdbdkjaicknfkn
a:21, b:0, eqsilnsenecwenurnilixdivsilqiyriitslalunryvvicufizrvucytyvculqulnicdtynslanjirtuuzurliokluotizaiojsqjiyqjgiyvhvslaeosnjsn
a:23, b:11, tnzrwiztithxtilgirwrqarezrwnrjgrrszwvwligjeerhlmrcgelhjsjehlwnlwirhasjizwvikrgsllclgwrbdwlbsrcvrbkznkrjnkfrjeyezwvtbzikzi
a:11, b:8, oskyzrkorowuorcbryzydfylkyzsymbyytkzezcrbmllywcxyvblcwmtmlwczsczrywftmrkzerhybtccvcbzyaqzcatyveyahkshymshgymlplkzeoakrhkr
a:5, b:14, ocakhfaofoqwofybfkhkvpkxakhckubkkzahshyfbuxxkqynktbxyquzuxqyhcyhfkqpzufahsfjkbzyytybhkeihyezktskejacjkucjmkuxlxahsoeafjaf
a:3, b:6, agucxlualamwalinlcxcdtcpucxgcknccbuxyxilnkppcmihcrnpimkbkpmixgixlcmtbkluxyljcnbiirinxcsqxisbcrycsjugjckgjockpvpuxyasuljul
a:25, b:19, nvfhwgfngndzngpaghwheihufhwvhjahhkfwtwpgajuuhdpshoaupdjkjudpwvpwghdikjgfwtgmhakppopawhlrwplkhothlmfvmhjvmxhjucufwtnlfgmfg
a:5, b:10, uigqnlguluwculehlqnqbvqdgqniqahqqfgnynelhaddqwetqzhdewafadwenienlqwvfalgnylpqhfeezehnqkonekfqzyqkpgipqaipsqadrdgnyukglpgl
a:15, b:2, cygsrzgczcuwczopzsrsnlsfgsrysepssxgrmrozpeffsuotsvpfouexefuoryorzsulxezgrmzjspxoovoprsqaroqxsvmsqjgyjseyjksefbfgrmcqgzjgz
a:21, b:22, ykmcfhmyhywqyholhcfcrxcpmcfkcslccnmfufohlsppcwozctlpowsnspwofkofhcwxnshmfuhdclnootolfciefoinctucidmkdcskdacspbpmfuyimhdmh
a:1, b:23, jbrpaqrjqjtxjqhwqpapsopcrpabpnwppmradahqwnccpthepiwchtnmncthabhaqptomnqradqkpwmhhihwaplfahlmpidplkrbkpnbkzpncucradjlrqkrq
a:21, b:13, rdfvyafrarpjraheavyvkqvifvydvlevvgfynyhaeliivphsvmeihplgliphydhyavpqglafynawveghhmheyvbxyhbgvmnvbwfdwvldwtvliuifynrbfawfa
a:11, b:6, aewkldwadaigadondklkprkxwklekynkkfwlqlodnyxxkiojkhnxoiyfyxioleoldkirfydwlqdtknfoohonlkmclomfkhqkmtwetkyetskyxbxwlqamwdtwd
a:9, b:4, gieyfbegbgkwgbatbyfyhvyleyfiystyypefofabtsllykarydtlakspslkafiafbykvpsbefobjytpaadatfymufampydoymjeijysijcyslnlefogmebjeb
a:1, b:11, vndbmcdvcvfjvcticbmbeabodbmnbzibbydmpmtcizoobftqbuiotfzyzoftmntmcbfayzcdmpcwbiyttutimbxrmtxybupbxwdnwbznwlbzogodmpvxdcwdc
a:5, b:12, esqaxvqevegmevorvaxalfanqaxsakraapqxixovrknnagodajrnogkpkngoxsoxvagfpkvqxivzarpoojorxauyxoupajiauzqszakszcaknbnqxieuqvzqv
a:15, b:20, gckwvdkgdgyagdstdwvwrpwjkwvcwitwwbkvqvsdtijjwysxwztjsyibijysvcsvdwypbidkvqdnwtbsszstvwuevsubwzqwunkcnwicnowijfjkvqgukdnkd
a:7, b:4, eouqzfuefeygefarfqzqjbqduqzoqmrqqxuzszafrmddqyahqprdaymxmdyazoazfqybxmfuzsftqrxaaparzqiwzaixqpsqituotqmotkqmdnduzseiuftuf
a:9, b:19, nplfmilninrdnihaifmfocfslfmpfzaffwlmvmhiazssfrhyfkashrzwzsrhmphmifrcwzilmviqfawhhkhamftbmhtwfkvftqlpqfzpqjfzsuslmvntliqli
a:15, b:11, rnvhgovrorjlrodeohghcahuvhgnhtehhmvgbgdoetuuhjdihkeudjtmtujdgndgohjamtovgboyhemddkdeghfpgdfmhkbhfyvnyhtnyzhtuquvgbrfvoyvo
a:3, b:4, symupdmsdseosdafdupuvluhmupyucfuutmpqpadfchhueazujfhaectcheapyapdueltcdmpqdbuftaajafpukipaktujqukbmybucybguchnhmpqskmdbmd
a:19, b:3, hxrvmgrhghnfhglugvmvckvirvmxvzuvvormtmlguziivnlevwuilnzozinlmxlmgvnkozgrmtgsvuollwlumvdpmldovwtvdsrxsvzxsbvziyirmthdrgsrg
a:9, b:15, zbxryuxzuzdpzutmuryraorexrybrlmrrixyhytumleerdtkrwmetdliledtybtyurdoiluxyhucrmittwtmyrfnytfirwhrfcxbcrlbcvrlegexyhzfxucxu
a:17, b:5, xvzfyczxcxthxcdkcfyfwifszfyvflkffozypydcklssftdmfaksdtlolstdyvdycftiolczypcufkoddadkyfrjydrofapfruzvuflvubflsqszypxrzcuzc
a:7, b:22, uekgpvkuvuowuvqhvgpgzrgtkgpegchggnkpipqvhcttgoqxgfhtqocnctoqpeqpvgorncvkpivjghnqqfqhpgympqyngfigyjkejgcejagctdtkpiuykvjkv
a:11, b:15, lphvwohloltrlozyovwvacvihvwpvjyvvqhwbwzoyjiivtzuvsyiztjqjitzwpzwovtcqjohwboevyqzzszywvxnwzxqvsbvxehpevjpedvjimihwblxhoeho
a:5, b:16, ymkurpkypyagypilpurufzuhkurmueluujkrcriplehhuaixudlhiaejehairmirpuazjepkrcptuljiidilruosriojudcuotkmtuemtwuehvhkrcyokptkp
a:17, b:14, ywagzdaydyuiydeldgzgxjgtagzwgmlggpazqzedlmttguengblteumpmtuezwezdgujpmdazqdvglpeebelzgskzespgbqgsvawvgmwvcgmtrtazqysadvad
a:19, b:19, ndxbsmxnmntlnmrambsbiqboxbsdbfabbuxszsrmafoobtrkbcaortfufotrsdrsmbtqufmxszmybaurrcrasbjvsrjubczbjyxdybfdyhbfoeoxsznjxmyxm
a:5, b:13, jxvfcavjajlrjatwafcfqkfsvfcxfpwffuvcnctawpssfltifowstlpupsltcxtcaflkupavcnaefwuttotwcfzdctzufonfzevxefpxehfpsgsvcnjzvaeva
a:11, b:20, uyqefxquxucauxihxefejlerqefyesheezqfkfixhsrrecidebhricszsrcifyifxeclzsxqfkxnehziibihfegwfigzebkegnqynesynmesrvrqfkugqxnqx
a:7, b:17, rbhdmshrsrltrsnesdmdwodqhdmbdzeddkhmfmnsezqqdlnudceqnlzkzqlnmbnmsdlokzshmfsgdeknncnemdvjmnvkdcfdvghbgdzbgxdzqaqhmfrvhsghs
a:23, b:24, gamejvmgvgukgvytvejednermejaewteefmjijyvtwrreuyzeptryuwfwruyjayjveunfwvmjivxetfyypytjeoqjyofepieoxmaxewaxsewrlrmjigomvxmv
a:19, b:15, fvptkepfefldfejsetktaitgptkvtxsttmpkrkjesxggtljctusgjlxmxgljkvjketlimxepkreqtsmjjujsktbnkjbmturtbqpvqtxvqztxgwgpkrfbpeqpe
a:19, b:14, qgaevpaqpqwoqpudpevelteraevgeideexavcvupdirrewunefdruwixirwuvguvpewtxipavcpbedxuufudvemyvumxefcembagbeigbkeirhravcqmapbap
a:5, b:19, nbzjgeznenpvnexaejgjuojwzjgbjtajjyzgrgxeatwwjpxmjsawxptytwpxgbxgejpoytezgreijayxxsxagjdhgxdyjsrjdizbijtbiljtwkwzgrndzeize
a:9, b:9, rtpjqmprmrvhrmlemjqjsgjwpjqtjdejjapqzqlmedwwjvlcjoewlvdadwvlqtlqmjvgadmpqzmujealloleqjxfqlxajozjxuptujdtunjdwywpqzrxpmupm
a:11, b:19, nrjxyqjnqnvtnqbaqxyxcexkjxyrxlaxxsjydybqalkkxvbwxuakbvlslkvbyrbyqxveslqjydqgxasbbubayxzpybzsxudxzgjrgxlrgfxlkokjydnzjqgjq
a:5, b:24, mayifdymdmoumdwzdifitnivyifaisziixyfqfwdzsvviowlirzvwosxsvowfawfdionxsdyfqdhizxwwrwzficgfwcxirqichyahisahkisvjvyfqmcydhyd
a:23, b:16, mgskpbsmbmaqmbezbkpkjtkxskpgkczkklspopebzcxxkaefkvzxeaclcxaepgepbkatlcbspobdkzleevezpkuwpeulkvokudsgdkcgdykcxrxspomusbdsb
a:21, b:2, ugiybdiudusmudkhdybyntyliybgyohyyjibqbkdhollyskvyphlksojolskbgkbdystjodibqdzyhjkkpkhbyeabkejypqyezigzyogzwyolxlibqueidzid
a:15, b:16, iemyxfmifiacifuvfyxytrylmyxeykvyydmxsxufvkllyauzybvluakdklauxeuxfyardkfmxsfpyvduubuvxywgxuwdybsywpmepykepqyklhlmxsiwmfpmf
a:9, b:22, egcwdzcezeiuezyrzwdwftwjcwdgwqrwwncdmdyzrqjjwiypwbrjyiqnqjiydgydzwitnqzcdmzhwrnyybyrdwksdyknwbmwkhcghwqghawqjljcdmekczhcz
a:9, b:16, wyuovruwrwamwrqjrovoxlobuovyoijoofuvevqrjibboaqhotjbqaifibaqvyqvroalfiruverzojfqqtqjvockvqcfoteoczuyzoiyzsoibdbuvewcurzur
a:7, b:19, nxdziodnonhpnojaozizskzmdzixzvazzgdibijoavmmzhjqzyamjhvgvmhjixjiozhkgvodiboczagjjyjaizrfijrgzybzrcdxczvxctzvmwmdibnrdocdo
a:1, b:13, tlbzkabtatdhtargazkzcyzmbzklzxgzzwbknkragxmmzdrozsgmrdxwxmdrklrkazdywxabknauzgwrrsrgkzvpkrvwzsnzvubluzxlujzxmembkntvbauba
a:23, b:18, eykchtketesietwrtchcblcpkchycurccdkhghwtruppcswxcnrpwsudupswhywhtcsldutkhgtvcrdwwnwrhcmohwmdcngcmvkyvcuyvqcupjpkhgemktvkt
a:17, b:2, omqwptqotokyotubtwpwnzwjqwpmwcbwwfqpgputbcjjwkudwrbjukcfcjkupmuptwkzfctqpgtlwbfuurubpwiapuifwrgwilqmlwcmlswcjhjqpgoiqtlqt
a:11, b:3, fjbpqibfifnlfitsipqpuwpcbpqjpdsppkbqvqtisdccpntopmsctndkdcntqjtqipnwkdibqviypskttmtsqprhqtrkpmvprybjypdjyxpdcgcbqvfrbiybi
a:5, b:4, qecmjhcqhqsyqhadhmjmxrmzcmjemwdmmbcjujahdwzzmsapmvdzaswbwzsajeajhmsrbwhcjuhlmdbaavadjmgkjagbmvumglcelmwelomwznzcjuqgchlch
a:17, b:6, aycibfcafawkafgnfibizlivcibyioniircbsbgfnovviwgpidnvgworovwgbygbfiwlrofcbsfxinrggdgnbiumbguridsiuxcyxioyxeiovtvcbsaucfxcf
a:5, b:20, sgeoljesjsuasjcfjoloztobeolgoyfoodelwlcjfybboucroxfbcuydybuclgcljoutdyjelwjnofdccxcfloimlcidoxwoinegnoygnqoybpbelwsiejnej
a:11, b:2, ycuijbuybygeybmlbijinpivuijciwliidujojmblwvvigmhiflvmgwdwvgmjcmjbigpdwbujobrildmmfmljikajmkdifoikrucriwcrqiwvzvujoykubrub
a:21, b:3, pbdtwydpypnhpyfcytwtiotgdtwbtjcttedwlwfycjggtnfqtkcgfnjejgnfwbfwytnoejydwlyutceffkfcwtzvwfzetkltzudbutjburtjgsgdwlpzdyudy
a:1, b:24, iaqozpqipiswipgvpozornobqozaomvoolqzczgpvmbbosgdohvbgsmlmbsgzagzposnlmpqzcpjovlgghgvzokezgklohcokjqajomajyombtbqzcikqpjqp
a:3, b:10, qwksnbkqbqcmqbydbsnstjsfksnwsadssrknonybdaffscyxshdfycarafcynwynbscjrabknobzsdryyhydnsignyirshosizkwzsawzesaflfknoqikbzkb
a:7, b:15, vflhqwlvwvpxvwriwhqhashulhqfhdihholqjqrwiduuhpryhgiurpdoduprqfrqwhpsodwlqjwkhiorrgriqhznqrzohgjhzklfkhdfkbhdueulqjvzlwklw
a:3, b:3, bhvdymvbmbnxbmjomdydeudqvdyhdloddcvyzyjmolqqdnjidsoqjnlclqnjyhjymdnuclmvyzmkdocjjsjoydtryjtcdszdtkvhkdlhkpdlqwqvyzbtvmkvm
a:3, b:22, msgojxgmxmyimxuzxojopfobgojsowzoongjkjuxzwbboyutodzbuywnwbyujsujxoyfnwxgjkxvoznuuduzjoecjuenodkoevgsvowsvaowbhbgjkmegxvgx
a:3, b:0, ciweznwcncoycnkpnezefverweziempeedwzazknpmrreokjetprkomdmrokzikzneovdmnwzanlepdkktkpzeuszkudetaeulwilemilqemrxrwzacuwnlwn
a:23, b:14, uoasxjaujuiyujmhjsxsrbsfasxoskhsstaxwxmjhkffsimnsdhfmiktkfimxomxjsibtkjaxwjlshtmmdmhxscexmctsdwsclaolskolgskfzfaxwucajlaj
a:11, b:11, jnftumfjmjrpjmxwmtutyatgftunthwttofuzuxmwhggtrxstqwgxrhohgrxunxumtraohmfuzmctwoxxqxwutvluxvotqztvcfncthncbthgkgfuzjvfmcfm
a:23, b:21, fzldiulfuftjfuxsudidcmdqldizdvsddelihixusvqqdtxydosqxtvevqtxizxiudtmevulihuwdsexxoxsidnpixnedohdnwlzwdvzwrdvqkqlihfnluwlu
a:25, b:15, jrbdscbjcjzvjclwcdsdaedqbdsrdfwddgbspslcwfqqdzlodkwqlzfgfqzlsrlscdzegfcbspcidwgllklwsdhnslhgdkpdhibridfritdfqyqbspjhbcibc
a:7, b:8, wgmirxmwxwqywxsjxiribtivmirgiejiipmrkrsxjevviqszihjvsqepevqsrgsrxiqtpexmrkxlijpsshsjriaorsapihkialmglieglcievfvmrkwamxlmx
a:23, b:1, hbnfkwnhwhvlhwzuwfkfeofsnfkbfxuffgnkjkzwuxssfvzafquszvxgxsvzkbzkwfvogxwnkjwyfugzzqzukfprkzpgfqjfpynbyfxbytfxsmsnkjhpnwynw
a:19, b:11, xnhlcwhxwxdvxwbkwlclsalyhlcnlpkllehcjcbwkpyyldbulmkybdpepydbcnbcwldaepwhcjwilkebbmbkcltfcbtelmjltihnilpnirlpyoyhcjxthwihw
a:1, b:8, yqgepfgyfyimyfwlfepehdergepqecleebgpspwflcrreiwtexlrwicbcriwpqwpfeidbcfgpsfzelbwwxwlpeaupwabexseazgqzecqzoecrjrgpsyagfzgf
a:23, b:5, rlxpugxrgrfvrgjegpupoypcxpulpheppqxutujgehccpfjkpaecjfhqhcfjuljugpfyqhgxutgipeqjjajeupzbujzqpatpzixliphlidphcwcxutrzxgixg
a:21, b:10, gsuknpugpgeygpwtpknkzfkxuknskatkkvuncnwptaxxkewhkbtxweavaxewnswnpkefvapuncplktvwwbwtnkqmnwqvkbckqluslkaslikaxjxuncgquplup
a:9, b:0, suqkrnqsnswisnmfnkrkthkxqkrukefkkbqrarmnfexxkwmdkpfxmwebexwmrumrnkwhbenqranvkfbmmpmfrkygrmybkpakyvquvkeuvokexzxqrasyqnvqn
a:23, b:22, oiumrduodocsodgbdmrmlvmzumrimebmmnurqrgdbezzmcghmxbzgcenezcgrigrdmcvnedurqdfmbnggxgbrmwyrgwnmxqmwfuifmeifameztzurqowudfud
a:1, b:22, kcsqbrskrkuykrixrqbqtpqdsqbcqoxqqnsbebirxoddquifqjxdiuonoduibcibrqupnorsberlqxniijixbqmgbimnqjeqmlsclqoclaqodvdsbekmsrlsr
a:7, b:7, lvbxgmblmlfnlmhymxgxqixkbxgvxtyxxebgzghmytkkxfhoxwykhftetkfhgvhgmxfietmbgzmaxyehhwhygxpdghpexwzxpabvaxtvarxtkukbgzlpbmabm
a:15, b:9, fbjvucjfcfxzfcrscvuvqovijvubvhsvvajupurcshiivxrwvysirxhahixrubrucvxoahcjupcmvsarryrsuvtdurtavypvtmjbmvhbmnvhieijupftjcmjc
a:15, b:23, lhpbaiplildflixyibabwubopbahbnybbgpavaxiynoobdxcbeyoxdngnodxahxaibdugnipavisbygxxexyabzjaxzgbevbzsphsbnhstbnokopavlzpispi
a:1, b:1, fxnlwmnfmfptfmdsmlwloklynlwxljsllinwzwdmsjyylpdalesydpjijypdwxdwmlpkijmnwzmglsiddedswlhbwdhilezlhgnxgljxgvljyqynwzfhnmgnm
a:9, b:20, kmicjfikfkoakfexfcjclzcpicjmcwxcctijsjefxwppcoevchxpeowtwpoejmejfcoztwfijsfncxteehexjcqyjeqtchscqnimncwmngcwprpijskqifnif
a:17, b:3, rptzswtrwrnbrwxewzszqczmtzspzfezzitsjsxwefmmznxgzuemxnfifmnxspxswzncifwtsjwozeixxuxeszldsxlizujzlotpozfpovzfmkmtsjrltwotw
a:5, b:17, drpzwupdudfldunquzwzkezmpzwrzjqzzopwhwnuqjmmzfncziqmnfjojmfnwrnwuzfeojupwhuyzqonninqwztxwntozihztypryzjrybzjmampwhdtpuypu
a:11, b:17, zdvjkcvzczhfzcnmcjkjoqjwvjkdjxmjjevkpkncmxwwjhnijgmwnhxexwhnkdnkcjhqexcvkpcsjmenngnmkjlbknlejgpjlsvdsjxdsrjxwawvkpzlvcsvc
a:21, b:21, dprhkmrdmdbvdmtqmhkhwchurhkphxqhhsrkzktmqxuuhbtehyqutbxsxubtkptkmhbcsxmrkzmihqsttytqkhnjktnshyzhnirpihxpifhxugurkzdnrmirm
a:1, b:16, qiywhxyqxqaeqxodxwhwzvwjywhiwudwwtyhkhoxdujjwaolwpdjoautujaohiohxwavtuxyhkxrwdtoopodhwsmhostwpkwsryirwuirgwujbjyhkqsyxryx
a:15, b:7, tpxjiqxtqtlntqfgqjijecjwxjipjvgjjoxidifqgvwwjlfkjmgwflvovwlfipfiqjlcovqxidqajgoffmfgijhrifhojmdjhaxpajvpabjvwswxidthxqaxq
a:25, b:22, qyikzjiqjqgcqjsdjkzkhlkxikzykmdkknizwzsjdmxxkgsvkrdxsgmnmxgszyszjkglnmjizwjpkdnssrsdzkouzsonkrwkopiypkmypakmxfxizwqoijpij
a:23, b:8, smyqvhyshsgwshkfhqvqpzqdyqvmqifqqryvuvkhfiddqgklqbfdkgiridgkvmkvhqgzrihyvuhjqfrkkbkfvqacvkarqbuqajymjqimjeqidxdyvusayhjyh
a:11, b:21, bfxlmexbebjhbepoelmlqslyxlmflzollgxmrmpeozyyljpklioypjzgzyjpmfpmeljsgzexmreulogppipomlndmpnglirlnuxfulzfutlzycyxmrbnxeuxe
a:23, b:20, wqcuzlcwlwkawlojluzutduhcuzqumjuuvczyzoljmhhukopufjhokmvmhkozqozlukdvmlczylnujvoofojzuegzoevufyuencqnumqniumhbhczyweclncl
a:17, b:4, uswcvzwuzuqeuzahzcvctfcpwcvscihcclwvmvazhippcqajcxhpaqilipqavsavzcqflizwvmzrchlaaxahvcogvaolcxmcorwsrcisrycipnpwvmuowzrwz
a:15, b:21, zvdpowdzwzrtzwlmwpopkipcdpovpbmppudojolwmbccprlqpsmclrbubcrlovlowpriubwdojwgpmullslmopnxolnupsjpngdvgpbvghpbcycdojzndwgdw
a:21, b:16, coqgjlqclcauclsplgjgvbgtqgjogwpggrqjyjslpwttgasdgxptsawrwtasjosjlgabrwlqjylhgprssxspjgmijsmrgxygmhqohgwohegwtftqjycmqlhql
a:9, b:7, xzvpwsvxsxbnxsrkspwpympcvpwzpjkppgvwfwrskjccpbripukcrbjgjcbrwzrwspbmgjsvwfsapkgrrurkwpdlwrdgpufpdavzapjzatpjcecvwfxdvsavs
a:1, b:14, skayjzaszscgszqfzyjybxylayjkywfyyvajmjqzfwllycqnyrflqcwvwlcqjkqjzycxvwzajmztyfvqqrqfjyuojquvyrmyutaktywktiywldlajmsuaztaz
a:3, b:5, jpdlgudjujvfjurwulglmclydlgpltwllkdghgruwtyylvrqlawyrvtktyvrgprgulvcktudghuslwkrrarwglbzgrbklahlbsdpsltpsxltyeydghjbdusdu
a:3, b:15, xdrzuirxixjtxifkizuzaqzmrzudzhkzzyruvufikhmmzjfezokmfjhyhmjfudfuizjqyhiruvigzkyffofkuzpnufpyzovzpgrdgzhdglzhmsmruvxprigri
a:15, b:18, uqykjryurumourghrkjkfdkxykjqkwhkkpyjejgrhwxxkmglknhxgmwpwxmgjqgjrkmdpwryjerbkhpggnghjkisjgipknekibyqbkwqbckwxtxyjeuiyrbyr
a:25, b:8, ckuwlvucvcsocvepvwlwtxwjuwlkwypwwzulilevpyjjwsehwdpjesyzyjselkelvwsxzyvulivbwpzeedeplwagleazwdiwabukbwykbmwyjrjulicauvbuv
a:19, b:2, sicgxrcsrsyqsrwfrgxgnvgtcgxigkfggzcxexwrfkttgywpghftwykzktywxiwxrgyvzkrcxerdgfzwwhwfxgoaxwozghegodcidgkidmgktjtcxesocrdcr
a:5, b:11, znlvsqlzqzbhzqjmqvsvgavilvsnvfmvvklsdsjqmfiivbjyvemijbfkfibjsnjsqvbakfqlsdquvmkjjejmsvptsjpkvedvpulnuvfnuxvfiwilsdzplqulq
a:15, b:3, vrzlkszvsvnpvshislklgelyzlkrlxillqzkfkhsixyylnhmloiyhnxqxynhkrhkslneqxszkfscliqhhohikljtkhjqlofljczrclxrcdlxyuyzkfvjzsczs
a:9, b:11, lnjdkgjlglpblgfygdkdmadqjdkndxyddujktkfgyxqqdpfwdiyqfpxuxqpfknfkgdpauxgjktgodyuffifykdrzkfruditdrojnodxnohdxqsqjktlrjgojg
a:9, b:5, dfbvcybdydhtdyxqyvcvesvibvcfvpqvvmbclcxyqpiivhxovaqixhpmpihxcfxcyvhsmpybclygvqmxxaxqcvjrcxjmvalvjgbfgvpfgzvpikibcldjbygby
a:21, b:20, iuwmprwirigairyvrmpmbhmzwmpumcvmmxwpepyrvczzmgyjmdvzygcxczgypuyprmghxcrwpernmvxyydyvpmsopysxmdemsnwunmcunkmczlzwpeiswrnwr
a:9, b:24, yawqxtwytycoytsltqxqznqdwqxaqklqqhwxgxstlkddqcsjqvldsckhkdcsxasxtqcnhktwxgtbqlhssvslxqemxsehqvgqebwabqkabuqkdfdwxgyewtbwt
a:17, b:15, bzdjcgdbgbxlbghogjcjamjwdjczjpojjsdctchgopwwjxhqjeowhxpspwxhczhcgjxmspgdctgyjoshhehocjvnchvsjetjvydzyjpzyfjpwuwdctbvdgydg
a:21, b:18, segwzbgsbsqksbifbwzwlrwjgwzewmfwwhgzozibfmjjwqitwnfjiqmhmjqizeizbwqrhmbgzobxwfhiinifzwcyzichwnowcxgexwmexuwmjvjgzoscgbxgb
a:11, b:4, mqiwxpimpmusmpazpwxwbdwjiwxqwkzwwrixcxapzkjjwuavwtzjaukrkjuaxqaxpwudrkpixcpfwzraatazxwyoxayrwtcwyfiqfwkqfewkjnjixcmyipfip
a:19, b:4, wmgkbvgwvwcuwvajvkbkrzkxgkbmkojkkdgbibavjoxxkcatkljxacodoxcabmabvkczdovgbivhkjdaalajbksebasdklikshgmhkomhqkoxnxgbiwsgvhgv
a:23, b:6, augydpgapaoeapsnpydyxhylgyduyqnyyzgdcdspnqllyostyjnlsoqzqlosdusdpyohzqpgdcprynzssjsndyikdsizyjcyirguryqurmyqlflgdcaigprgp
a:5, b:8, kywgdbwkbkmskbuxbgdgrlgtwgdygqxggvwdodubxqttgmujgpxtumqvqtmudyudbgmlvqbwdobfgxvuupuxdgaeduavgpogafwyfgqyfigqthtwdokawbfwb
a:15, b:19, njrdckrnknfhnkzakdcdywdqrdcjdpaddircxczkapqqdfzedgaqzfpipqfzcjzckdfwipkrcxkudaizzgzacdblczbidgxdburjudpjuvdpqmqrcxnbrkurk
a:19, b:21, rhbfwqbrqrxprqveqfwfmufsbfwhfjeffybwdwvqejssfxvofgesvxjyjsxvwhvwqfxuyjqbwdqcfeyvvgvewfnzwvnyfgdfncbhcfjhclfjsisbwdrnbqcbq
